When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    git remote: to show all the current remote links 
    git remote origin<remotename> <URL>: add the repository on GitHub
    git remote -v: to verify that te URL was added correctly
    git push origin<remote> master<localbranch>: in order to send my changes to the remote

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    git pull origin<remote> master<GitHubBranch>: in order to pull the changes from GitHub to your local repository

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forking allows you to make a copy of somebody elses repository directly on the GitHub servers without pulling down the code to your 
local machine first.
    Branching happens on a single repository, to make a new commit
    Cloning involves taking an existing repstoryand makig one just like it.
    
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Merging Remote Changes
    git fetch origin: update origin/master with the contents of GitHub's master branch
    git pull: in addition to git fetch, it will merge origin/master into master
    git pull origin master = git fetch origin + git merge master origin/master


    get original url as your remote link
    git remote add upstream <url>
    git pull upstream master

    Fast-forward Merges: 
    take a label from he history of a branch somewhere in its ancestry, and moving that label forward to the tip of the branch.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    pull request (also understand as merge request): operate on GitHub
    1. create a different branch (checkout to it) and make the change in your local directory
    2. add file to staging area and commit to git repository
    3. push your change in the remote repository using a different branch (git push origin <branchname instead of master>)
    4. click on pull request and choose to modify your own fork
    * In a collaborative environment, it's only allow the pull request to make change to the master branch
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here